It's that my mother
of a guest also in the reason no Today you
had yourself seen that you had seen if it's that
I neglect my guests a
lot
no Let's see wait I think that now yes you are
my favorite guest besides you know that I have
more And such But as you
mention Marta from time to time from
time to time Rocío Flores And such But
you You always look at yourself Oh how cute you come out
if it's that I have my guests
in palmita you already know that this is your
house that when I have you here I
have you everywhere me me me man Well
yes it's that the subject seems strong to me
look that I did not expect it eh
Because yes it is true that only or rather
when she Well tell us you it is your
information Come on well look this is that
when I got up they called me
on the phone and they leaked me well let's
see I also tell you one thing Marta
also that she would not have been very discreet
this morning because
she already the other day in one of her
Twitch live streams I think they were one
of these crazy live streams I don't think that
the one that the friends precisely did
mention that in the next few days
something related to your topic was coming, let's see,
white and in a bottle in a process like
this, apparently, this issue of
conciliation, just like in a
criminal process, is also a mandatory part
of the process and another I didn't know because
for example it says with the case of Antonio I did
n't know that this meeting existed okay
but for example in the case of Paz Padilla there
was okay And in this procedure, well,
this morning he publishes an
Instagram story with a photograph, we
thank Marilu first a kiss
heart Marilú How beautiful what you say
How beautiful I'm glad to see how well
you're doing Thank you very much Marilú but I'm
glad you're all here if not, things
won't go well for me and you guys had fun,
which is what it's about. In the end, I
exchange a kiss, gorgeous Marta
As always, so discreet Marina, she.
Let's see if or Tell something, don't tell
anything, but he's telling me no, it's that my
lawyer is very discreet, he's very prudent
and now go ahead and publish, I don't know if you've
seen a photograph, a story where
the photograph appears with the Plaza de los Cubos
there on the main street. But  Javi how could I
not have seen it if I made the
news and that photo appears the news has not
posted the photo no Like that he has posted it has
posted we have it here we have it here we have it
here it's that I have
blocked the user How would you say how would you
say I can't stand you eh It's not that I
have blocked the user because
people don't realize that they don't
mention me on my networks to other people from
YouTube that I don't know or not put
spa that I don't know I'm laughing of course it's not
that they start spamming me and putting
names of youtubers in the
publications of my Twitter and nobody is
mentioned each one does their
job in their own way and gets their
things Well the publication
as if I were doing the as if I
were taking the photo to the culture
and now here the game and the Burger King
Well let's see here one of two Omar
tarriesco when he puts the emoji here like that
forcefully either he goes to court Or he's going to
eat a woper
and I think that with this
personal trainer thing the whopper right now it doesn't
fit no Marina Well nothing there is
a very curious thing that I have not
told in  that video because I left it
to talk to you here It
turns out that the parties arrive there
not the representatives of Unicorn and the
representative of martarico proposes what they
ask for and a liquor very clearly
tells him no So of course I say this
afternoon But well let's see these
people normally you know and especially
with the new management they try to take
more and in the end we are talking about a
worker who earned 1800 euros that
severance pay that dismissal that can
ask for less than 10,000 euros surely what do
you think the girl is asking for
apparently Ah I don't know tell me it
is for this reason they have not entered by
varea because it is that she is asking for it to be
admitted that they have violated her rights
What rights are we talking about
honor he knows
man I don't know I think the one who is handling
this case correct me I would swear that Marta
said that she was three oxen or a lawyer no I don't
know if in this matter I suppose No it is not
Teresa the
lawyer is a lawyer that everyone
here knows is not Iván is not
Iván he is a lawyer who well More or less
the people that Teresa follows  she knows the
lawyer but no it's not Teresa it's not
Teresa
but come on it doesn't matter who this is I
think it's Marta's thing So what she
's trying to do is not
a dismissal Well apart from an unfair dismissal
that they compensate her and everything else of course she
's asking for compensation for
violating her fundamental rights or in other words
they admit a
violation of honor or something like that
happened with Antonio David and that has
nothing but the thing is that apart from that
her case has nothing to do with violation of honor
because I
told you about honor like the one you will see
what they told me is that she's
asking for compensation for violating
her fundamental rights which I can't think of anything
else other than
honor because privacy here I understand
that no but of course they're not
going to enter that way So what she
wants to give it to her is like a victim of a
Unicorn Let's see not so far And if the
clauses of the contract are what a
paparazzi said, that clause has been given I
understand that it was a clause not to
publish any clues on social networks in other
words of what  that is going to be broadcast on the
program let's see I think Honestly from
outside without legal knowledge and
much less of this matter, it is true
that Marta for
some time has made things public in
her Instagram stories about the
producer and the ins and outs of the program and
has told on her tweet channel in the
first live shows things about the program have
attacked her own program With
or without reason but she has done it you
cannot do that, I mean there you have
everything to lose those unique That is
why I tell you that before the
dismissal as such I put my hand in the
fire that Marta the day that she
officially published her goodbye that Marta says as much
as if I were happy Well,
the information reaches me, I published it then at
the time it was published by I don't know who then
etc. What they told me is that before
this dismissal was communicated there had
been several previous warnings
communicated in writing of one notice another
notice another notice of course and then man there are
reasons that I can understand
some things that Marta feels but I think
that she herself on a professional level and in
front of the company has screwed it up I
understand that she  wants to scratch now
that he gets it So in the end there hasn't
been an agreement not like you already come
to an agreement and then the trial is scheduled
for the end of the year end of the year because
the courts are a bit paralyzed
no because the end of the year this has been
lucky if I told you I
have another similar case that you
know my end of the year seems to me yes it
depends on the player that it is and how busy you
are and such but come on it seems to me
within the deadline totally we are
talking about that we are in May end of the
year maybe we are talking about
November or December we are talking
about six months Marina
Yes because the summer is a little
stopped no the summer is closed at 8 and it
obviously doesn't count clear or I mean it's
fine it's great but I didn't know
that fact that you just said that there
were several written warnings I
told you here that you don't listen to me
many things don't tell me that because
I do listen to you but it's that no that yes that yes it
's normal let's
see I remembered about the contract not
the clauses that it had and so on that in
addition not only would the
publishing be breached  things that have to do
with what the program is going to air
but also things that how it was
attack the program even
attack colleagues against when
with everything about the coffees the
photocopies very complicated I'm sorry
but I think that what she has
in her head right now with this
legal process is a fantasy and that maybe
something more realistic should have been asked for
Maybe today the issue would have been over Yeah
Javi but in the end she is right now
spending money on lawyers I mean she
has to have some faith or something she
should give her lawyers because if not she won't move forward
not even
waiting for trial knowing that she has she
can lose and those are costs that I'm
going to tell you about in these matters no
well let's see she also had faith in her
relationship with Antonio David she gave it her all she
lost her job and it didn't work out
life is like that they've bouncing it around for me to
kick Eh you've put it on me
so that I come and kick him let's
see don't be funny just kidding
you can have all the faith you want
but you have to be a little realistic me me
in matters in  topics I'm running out of hair to get
into I have to be very very very very very very very
sure very very sure
call it something very slowly there is one that I'm
going to report through criminal channels that
the complaint hasn't even been filed yet
and he's going to be reported I know him
no Yes man of course
secrets my daughter no no no no no no no no no no it's not the one
you think yes the one
you think We're already waiting for the
trial date the one you hadn't
told me that you hadn't told me very
well very well very well of course
the trial date is already being waited for, not
at the moment that it's known you already know
what's happening we already told it but
no no another case of youtubers about YouTube things you have to
do it very well You have to
structure it well and you have to take the
appropriate steps
And if Javi is giving news that there has
n't been an agreement Between her and the
producer then we'll have to
comment on them and obviously Marta goes
to McDonald's to eat then I'm not going to
talk about Marta Because I don't care
if Marta eats a Burger or if Marta has
done the  Aserejé while you are at the
gym, ma'am. If not, I will talk about
Marta, mother of God.